11. what is vertex AI is in google cloud
		Overall, Vertex AI streamlines the process of developing, deploying, and maintaining ML models, making it an invaluable tool for any machine learning project."
		
		
12. Name some of the main security aspectes offeered by google cloud?
		IAM, CLoud Armor, ACL, KMS, Network security
		IAM : 
			IAM helps you manage who has access to GCP resources and what actions they can perform. It uses roles and permissions to control access
		
		cloud Armor : 
			Google Cloud Armor is a security service provided by Google Cloud Platform that helps protect your applications and services from various types of attacks, particularly DDoS (Distributed Denial of Service) attacks and other web application vulnerabilities. Here’s an overview of its key features and functionalities:
				DDos Attach, web application firwall
				
				we can define security policy with IP ranges , geo locations. 
		ACL : 
			Purpose: ACLs are used to control access to network resources, such as storage buckets, VMs, and other Google Cloud services. They can define who can access certain resources and 
      what actions they can perform.
		KMS : 
			KMS is a fully managed service that enables you to create, use, and manage cryptographic keys for your cloud services. It helps you protect sensitive data using encryption.
		google managed encryption key, customer managed encryption, clien side encryption key
				
		
13. Expalin GCP architect
		our GCP projects
		
14. Org policy based questions and folder level policy and project level policy
		constraint\compute.vmExternalIP
		restric the organization to deny using the external ip in the VM
		
		Lower level policy can overrite the higher level policy
		
15. pub/sub , cloud function , log sink how to create gcs for logs
		pub/sub:
			Pub/Sub is a versatile messaging service that can be used in various scenarios such as real-time data ingestion, microservices communication, stream processing, 
asynchronous workflows, event-driven architectures, data replication, notifications, and task distribution. Its flexibility and scalability make it suitable for building complex and scalable distributed systems.
			
			create topic
			under topic create publisher and subscriber
			
			once publisher published the message , using push method it will push message to subscriber
			here subscriber we can say like
			
		cloud function : 
			Absolutely. Cloud Functions are serverless functions offered by Google Cloud Platform. They allow developers to write and deploy code that responds to various events without managing servers.
			
			Cloud Functions are triggered by events from various Google Cloud services like Cloud Storage, Pub/Sub, Firestore, HTTP requests, etc. When an event occurs, the associated function is executed
16. pub/sub is push or pull back?
		both method we can use
		
17. Differ b/w cloud run and cloud function and VPC service controller?
		Cloud Run:
      It is a fully managed serverless platform provided by Google Cloud Platform (GCP) that allows you to run containerized applications without worrying about infrastructure management
		Cloud Function:
		  Cloud Functions are triggered by events from various Google Cloud services like Cloud Storage, Pub/Sub, Firestore, HTTP requests, etc. When an event occurs, the associated function is executed
		VPC Service Controller : 
      The VPC Service Controls feature in Google Cloud Platform (GCP) is a security tool designed to help protect sensitive data and mitigate the risk of data exfiltration within Google Cloud services

      we have create perimeter on our VPC network , you to define and enforce security perimeters around your Google Cloud VPC networks,
ensuring that services and resources within the perimeter can only communicate with each other or other allowed resources.
      
18. differ b/w app engine and cloud function?
		App engine is platform as a service, its a language specific runtime
			i)there is two type standard and flexiable . Standard will give few language support. Flexible give more language support.4
			ii)There is some build-in services like memcache, cloud firestore to storage and management
			iii)Deploy multiple versioning and split traffic between them
			iv)
			
			
		
		Clud function:
			i) Cloud function is a Fuction as a service. Event based trigger from one service to another service
			ii)When event occurs , the associated fuction will trigger. for eg whenever there is data created in cloud storage bucket , it will trigger to associates service
		
		
19. Can we use docker image in app engine?
		yes we can use in app engine flexible environment


20. Docker file creation?
		FROM: nginx:1.18
		WORKDIR: /usr/
		
		
		From - The base image to use
● Run - Runs commands when building 
the docker image
● Workdir - Specifies the directory that 
commands are run from
● User - Switches users
● Copy - Copies Files (Copies local files and directories)
ADD : it will copy the URL specific or direct (ADD https://example.com/file.tar.gz /tmp/)
● CMD - Runs commands when 
running the container


Docker build -t nginxdev .
docker run -t nginxdev bash
docker image ls
docker push imagename 

docker volume create myvolume
docker run -v myvolume:/data mynginx 
docker rmi nginx


FROM ubuntu
RUN apt-get update
RUN apt-get install -y nginx
CMD nginx service restart
EXPOSE 80
