21. What is purpose of RUN, Copy, Entry point, CMD

RUN - it will execute during the image build
COPY - copy the file from current directory
ENTRYPOINT - Default executable for the containers
CMD -default executable param , be overridden during container runtime. If there are multiple CMD instructions in a Dockerfile, only the last one will take effect.


22. Docker compose?

	Docker Compose is a tool for defining and running multi-container Docker applications. It allows you to use a simple YAML file (called docker-compose.yml) to define the services, networks, and volumes required for your application and then spin up the entire application stack with a single command.
	
	
23. How to use smame state of docker file in one VM to another VM?

	we can use any registry or SCP command
	
24. Virtualization and containeration differ?
	Virtualization involves running multiple virtual machines (VMs) on a single physical server, each with its own complete operating system. This results in higher resource overhead and longer boot times compared to containerization.

Containerization, on the other hand, involves running multiple lightweight containers on a single host, all sharing the host OS kernel. Containers are more resource-efficient, start much faster, and are highly portable compared to VMs.

While VMs provide strong isolation between instances, containers provide process-level isolation, making them lighter and faster to start.

	
25. Docker comit purpose?
	docker commit we can collebrating to work with all 
	
	The docker commit command is used to create a new Docker image from changes made to a container. It's mainly used when you want to capture changes made to a container's filesystem as a new image, which can be reused to create new containers or shared with others.

26. Hard reset and soft reset in git?
		hard is a Git command used to reset the current branch to a previous commit, discarding any local changes and modifications made to the file
		soft reset  that a soft git reset does not revert staged or working tree files back to a previous state
		
27. Can a container restart by itself?
		it won't restart automatically
		we have to define below command
		docker run --restart=always
		
		
28. Can we use Json instead of YAML while developing docker-compose file in Docker?
	yes we can use
	
29. k8 Architecture?
      GKE version : 1.29.12
      32 worker nodes

	
30. Deployment startegy and what is method have you used?
		Rolling update
		Recreate 
		canary deployment
		blue greeen deployment
		
