51.PV and PVC
Persistent volume: 
persistent volume claim:
PVs are independent storage volumes that can be provisioned from different storage providers such as cloud storage or on-premise storage systems, and PVCs are used to request 
storage resources from the PVs. The PVs and PVCs allow you to abstract the underlying storage infrastructure from your application, providing a layer of indirection. You can use 
PVs and PVCs to store data persistently, even if a Pod is deleted or restarted. PVs and PVCs can be used with different storage backends like NFS, iSCSI, Ceph, etc


52. How do you monitor kubernetes cluster

graphana, prometheus, kibana


53. why should we use custom namespaces
we can isolation our environment in variour object in k8 pod, deployment ,service etc.

54. config map and secretes and how we can use in deployments
	Config MAP : 
		a.	A ConfigMap in Kubernetes is an object that allows you to store non-sensitive configuration data in key-value pairs. It can be used to manage configuration data for your applications and services running in the cluster, enabling them to be easily configured without modifying the application code or redeploying containers.
		b.	From Literal Key-Value Pairs: kubectl create configmap my-config --from-literal=key1=value1 --from-literal=key2=value2
		c.	From a File : You can create a ConfigMap from the contents of a file. For example, if you have a configuration file app-config.properties:
		kubectl create configmap my-config --from-file=app-config.properties
		d.	From a Directory : You can also create a ConfigMap from a directory. Each file in the directory will be treated as a key, and the content of the file will be the value.

kubectl create configmap my-config --from-file=/path/to/config/directory

	Secretes: 
		Secretes is an k8 object, which helps to store sensitive informations such as passwords, tokens or API keys


To storing 

55. how to troubleshoot pods get failes and what are the error how to fix 
	kubectl describe 
56. what happen whe the master or the worker node fail?
	If worker nodes fail, pods will be stop working since worker node offline. 
	
57. CICD interview scenario based questions
58. terraform state how to unlock state , tf taint
	
59. terraform import backend
	terraform import command 
60. how to delete particular resouces in tf
	Target  command we can use
61. how to set priority in tf
	depends_on
	
62, tf workspaces and how to use same code for diff env
	We can use standard module 
